Docs: Backend edits (#2059)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/get-started/best-practices.md

### Frontend (only) plugins

- **Data sources running only on the frontend typically use the [Grafana proxy](../how-to-guides/data-source-plugins/add-authentication-for-data-source-plugins#add-a-proxy-route-to-your-plugin) to access an external service** - This is a simple way of adding support for queries in your plugin, and it doesn't require Golang knowledge. However, there are use cases for which writing a plugin's backend is necessary. Refer to [Plugin backends](../key-concepts/backend-plugins/#when-to-implement-a-plugin-with-a-backend) for more information about those.

### Plugin with a backend

> - **Add support for alerting** - Plugins with backends have inherent support for [Grafana Alerting](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/), but this support needs to be enabled. Simply add `"alerting": true` to your `plugin.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add support for alerting** - Plugins with a backend component have inherent support for [Grafana Alerting](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/alerting/), but this support needs to be enabled. Simply add `"alerting": true` to your `plugin.json` file.
```
